Things to do in order of priority:

1-Fix styles (There are important styles that break depending on the mobile phone). ✅
2-Fix the problem with the Google Maps API. 
3-Fix the problem with uploading an image (itinerary). ✅
4-Add subcategories for categories. ✅
5-Button shuffle and preferences functionality. ✅
6-Show accurate data. ✅
7-Country search on the welcome page. ✅
8-Add the ability for admins to edit and delete countries, categories, cities, and places. ✅
9-Save places and also be able to remove the saved places (bookmarks). ✅
10-Drag and drop for the files in the dashboard. ✅
11-Add loaders to the dashboard. ✅
12-Remove go to dashboard if you are not the admin and put it a login button ✅
13-Add links to social media.
14-Show modals for the functionality that hasn't been implemented yet. ✅
15-Add security for the database and other external APIs.

i) add Country into Itinerary
ii) possibility to delet/edit an uploaded file in the Itinerary Image 
iii) page to edit and steer the Chenkster/admin uploaded content with seeing a preview what will be published (see also Figma)
iiii) Add the possibility to upload two pictures.One for the front part and one within the details
----> For more frequent user and big travellers, to offer a search engine for them to find straight what they want?

----> How to allocate corectly the need of a customer in a specific moment

a) The google maps coordinates dificil
b) Categories missing in the view
--> ok Lau
c) Chat first test didn´t functioning. Text does not apear and need to test it by receiving on the other side the messages and interact
--> Chat is replacing another chat

d) Menu Bar missing when open the chat
--> add menue Bar everywhere, except first page 

New Figma updated shared via WhatsApp
e) Edit button needed not only delete button
--> Lau

f) If use the back button to go from country BACk, but it jumps to the city. it is a loop on user side, seems tht there is no logical workflow
--> Lau

g) Shuffle function is an application error
--> more data and then we test again

h) Preferences just a few are included
--> Lau

i) As user it kicks-me out pretty quickly. What is the user logoff timeout?
--> Let´s test again

j) Logout button doesn´t function
--> Retest

k) Profile on Userside does not show any data except description even after uploading the general data like name, surname and phone
--> For the time we keep it empty and static

l) I´m logged in as a user (i.e. niki_cenkster@hotmail.com) and going to mainmenu, but having admin functions
--> to be retested

m) add 1 admin fully with all details, just for Investor presentation
--> 1o1 like Figma 
